Huamanlou is the same as the two songs just now.
It's all from you
Yes, these three poems
It's all about the students.
I just didn't think of it.
The thirteenth prince actually for some false reputation
He actually did shameful things like impersonating the collar pool
Wang Zhongjing, do you want to be ashamed?
Want to jump over the wall
Haha, this is a poem that generates resentment
How can it come from an untrained boy?
Third Prince
Better to be honest?
13 Brother, don't apologize to Wang Daxue soon
Then get out of the recruiting experience obediently
You say I can't write good poetry without experiencing it, right?
Paper comes ink comes wine
Open your eyes and take a good look
deserter
Yesterday's day dare not
Don't you see the water of the Yellow River coming from the sky
Run to the sea and never return
Born with my own talent
Thousands of gold are scattered
come back
Ten years of life and death
Don't think about it
Strata
Absolutely impossible to enter
Will be Ling Juedeng
May it last
A thousand miles together
Jun buried the mud under the spring
I send it to the world
Snow